# ma1805-coding-projects
01)Drawing
In this project I wanted to try recreate the meme with the greedy man taking all the water from the pipe by just using the most basic shapes,lines and colour. It turned out a little different that what I orignally wanted; I wanted to have the water curve to man's mouth but I couldn't work out how to use the curve tools and even if I did I couldn't fill the space inbetween the lines with blue. So I decided to just use the quadrilateral function to make it instead. Overall I think i did pretty well to replicate the meme down to the colours, its messaging of corrupt people, and the uncanny look to the two people

02)Movement
This project was made to represent my brain and how its constantly thinking, jumping to different ideas and overall being a chaotic mess but i am constantly reminded that everything will be ok. Since I already have some programming experience, I made this piece pretty early on. However, i was unfamiliar to this language and got stuck on a particular problem. i wanted the lines to appear one at a time however the logic in the code ran it so that it displays 100 lines drawn simultaneously. i figured out i had to write it in a completely different way so that the draw function doesn't draw 100 a frame and only does it once.

03)Multiples
This project was inspired by a video explaining why hexagons are the best shape. They detailed how it comes up everywhere and how it helps in nature and our daily life. I wanted to try tile the canvas with hexagons to mimic a bee hive. However, I ran into issues with the spacing of hexagons as the method causes them to be aligned at the centre of the canvas so I had to do some trial and error to fix the issue and had to create two sets of them with 2 for loops for each.

04)Media
For this project, I used my Rubix cube to create a sort of mock tutorial on how to solve it. There are two versions, the simple one where I tested if the concept would work and a complex version where it shows more sides. In the simple version you simply click to go to the next photo and it shows the differnt layers being solved. In the complex version, I made it so that you use the arrow keys to look at the different angles of rubix cube, then once you are finished you move onto the next stage. This project was especially painful as I ran into the same problem of the code not finding my files but I evantually figured out how the files needed to be formatted in so that they could read it and grab the correct file.
