This interactive game wanted to explore the concept of surveilance. In our lives we are constantly being watched whether that be our friends, family or colleagues. Thats why in this game, you as the player walk around trying to avoid these eyes, to get away from it all but you cannot escape their gaze. I wanteed to show metaphorically that you will go through life constantly being observed by someone and when you mess up people will look at you but you have to keep moving forward.

This project started of very slow trying to get the core mechanic to work which was to make the eyes follow the player. I started with an example i saw online that used to map function to track the mouse's position but the first problem was adapting it with a square on the screen. Next i found the tracking to be inaccurate to the square position when it is moved to other places on the screen and if there were multiple eyes they all moved in unison instead of tracking it based on its individual position. So i searched around and found that there's a function called atan that calculates angles between things and found and example of how it tracks very smoothly to the mouse's position. So I adapted it into my code which worked amazingly.

After that, I added the player class which is something I've had experience in before and then the room function which was the next hardest part as i already knew a way of doing it but it wouldn't be applicable here in p5js so I decided to start from scratch and evantually found a way to send players into the next room through collisions and arrays.

After adding those main mechanics everything else was about adding asthetics and extra parts that would make it stand out more and to make it a bit more horrifying.

https://github.com/Boiiiii-k/ma1805-coding-projects.git
